CASMTRIAGE-6769 release 1.4 add iuf_error_argument_list_too_long.md troubleshooting page (#4818)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: troubleshooting/known_issues/iuf_error_argument_list_too_long.md

# IUF Error: `exec /usr/local/bin/argoexec: argument list too long`

Follow this procedure if an IUF step fails with the error: `exec /usr/local/bin/argoexec: argument list too long`.

> 1. Get the name of the template that failed. For example, in the error below the `s3-upload` template failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get the name of the template that failed. For example, the `s3-upload` template failed in the following error.
```

    ```bash
    2024-03-11T20:40:54.348210Z INFO [cpe-23-12-3-s3-upload          ] BEG s3-upload(0)
    2024-03-11T20:40:55.385227Z DBG  [cpe-23-12-3-s3-upload          ]       2024-03-11T20:40:54.569036586Z exec /usr/local/bin/argoexec: argument list too long
    2024-03-11T20:41:03.980113Z ERR  [cpe-23-12-3-s3-upload          ] END s3-upload(0) [Failed]
    ```

> 1. This error is due to the script in that template being too long. This can be fixed by not echoing
> `{{inputs.parameters.global_params}}` in the template. Instead, write `{{inputs.parameters.global_params}}` to a file and then
> reference the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Resolve the error by not echoing`{{inputs.parameters.global_params}}` in the template.
    Instead, write `{{inputs.parameters.global_params}}` to a file and then reference the file.
```

I would add the "This error is due to the script in that template being too long." line to the previous step and focus on the action for this step.

    1. `(ncn-m001#)` Navigate to where the workflow templates files are located.

        ```bash
        cd /usr/share/doc/csm/workflows/iuf/operations/
        ```

    1. `(ncn-m001#)` Edit the template where this error occured in the following way.

>         1. Search for where `echo '{{inputs.parameters.global_params}}'` is in the template. Below is an example of how it is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Search for where `echo '{{inputs.parameters.global_params}}'` is in the template. The following is an example of how it is used.
```

            ```bash
            CONTENT=$(echo '{{inputs.parameters.global_params}}' | jq -r '.product_manifest.current_product.manifest')
            PARENT_DIR=$(echo '{{inputs.parameters.global_params}}' | jq -r '.stage_params."process-media".current_product.parent_directory')
            ```

        1. Before the first line containing `echo '{{inputs.parameters.global_params}}'`, echo `global_params` to a file.

            ```bash
            echo '{{inputs.parameters.global_params}}' > global.params.data
            ```

        1. Replace all instances of `echo '{{inputs.parameters.global_params}}'` with `cat global.params.data`.

    1. `(ncn-m001#)` Save the file and update the argo templates by running the following command.

        ```bash
        /usr/share/doc/csm/workflows/scripts/upload-rebuild-templates.sh
        ```

## Example of editing a template

> If the error happened in the `s3-upload` step, then edit the `/usr/share/doc/csm/workflows/iuf/operations/s3-upload/s3-upload-template.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the error happened in the `s3-upload` step, then edit the `/usr/share/doc/csm/workflows/iuf/operations/s3-upload/s3-upload-template.yaml` file.
```
